removed r2c and replaced with Semgrep, Semgrep Inc or team at Semgrep… (#1003)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-code/getting-started.md

### Getting support

> Refer to [Troubleshooting Semgrep Cloud Platform](/docs/troubleshooting/semgrep-app/) for common installation issues. Help is also available for all users through the [Semgrep Community Slack](https://semgrep.slack.com).

Author: ```suggestion
Refer to [Troubleshooting Semgrep Cloud Platform](/docs/troubleshooting/semgrep-app/) for common installation issues. Help is also available for all users through the [Semgrep Community Slack](https://go.semgrep.dev/slack).
```
